Ambuja Cements Ltd is India's foremost cement company known for its hassle-free, home-building solutions. Unique products tailor-made for Indian climatic conditions, sustainable operations and initiatives that advance the company’s philosophy of contributing to the larger good of the society, have made it the most trusted cement brand in India

Ambuja Cements Ltd, a part of the global conglomerate LafargeHolcim, is among the leading cement companies in India. Ambuja Cement has provided hassle-free, home-building solutions with its unique sustainable development projects and environment-friendly practices since it started operations. Currently, Ambuja Cement has a cement capacity of 29.65 million tonnes with five integrated cement manufacturing plants and eight cement grinding units across the country.

The company has many firsts to its credit – a captive port with four terminals that has facilitated timely, cost-effective, cleaner shipments of bulk cement to its customers. To further add value to our customers, the company has launched innovative products like Ambuja Plus Roof Special, Ambuja Plus Cool Walls and Ambuja Compocem. The new products not only fulfil important customer needs but also help in significantly reducing carbon footprints.
Ambuja Cement is the industry leader in responsible use of resources, both natural and man-made. The company has been certified over five times water positive, a feat achieved through conservation efforts and increasing water efficiency in its plants. It is also plastic neutral, by burning as much as over 50,000 tonnes of plastic waste in its kilns, equivalent to 1.5 times of total plastic used. The company also generated 7.4% of its power needs from renewable resources.

Sustainable profitable growth is ingrained in the company’s DNA. Ambuja Cement’s multi-pronged strategy, including triple bottom line accounting method; True Value; good corporate governance practices; overarching corporate environment policy; and sustainable supply chain policy have helped cement the company's credentials as a sustainable manufacturer. Ambuja Cement's Sustainable Development Ambition 2030 provides strategic direction to the company's long-term sustainability vision. All Ambuja Cement plants are ISO 14001 certified.

Ambuja Knowledge Centres (AKCs), a unique initiative by the company, serves as a knowledge sharing platform for construction professionals that includes practical workshops on mix design and quality supervision. Currently, over 30 AKCs are functional across India.

The company also works closely with communities that live around its plants, through its CSR arm, the Ambuja Cement Foundation (ACF). ACF implements need-based and participatory programmes in the thematic areas of water resource development, health and sanitation, women empowerment, rural infrastructure, education and agro-based/skill-based livelihood creation.