Mahoul
Mahoul is an online portal designed specifically to hire right entertainerse for events.Event sector is highly unorganized; it is very difficult to find the right person for an event. There are many talented people but when you Google for a Singer, Dancer, Photographer on any other artist in a local area you will end up with irrelevant data. This is mostly because most of artists don't have their own website or they don't know how to market themselves. Even if search ends up with some relevant artists still an event host can't compare them on basis of Budget, Experience of Entertainer, his past works & many more.To Solve all this and ease out the process of booking an entertainer for any kind of event we are coming up with an online web portal named MAHOUL which is our brand name too. An Event host or any company can hire Entertainers or artists from our web portal on a click with lot of options where they can compare entertainers based on their performances in form of Images/Audios/Videos & many more advance search options.

Eclectika
Eclectika, the cultural festival of NIT Raipur is widely renowned as the largest fest in central India. With a participation roster exceeding over a hundred colleges across the academic demographic of India. Eclectika is a glorious rendition of the ideals of innovation, conception and determination to achieve heights of success.The Eclectika 2019 is poised to exceed all expectations and we look forward to having an enriching experience with all the participants. And yes, we promise the elegance, euphoria and entertainment !!

Foodinger
We are working on the application to make the home delivery service most affordable and easier.
Least Minimum Order to avail the facility to maximum users.
Simplest Android Application to order in few seconds.

JewelSpark
JewelSpark is an online marketplace that provides jewelries and accessories from jewelers to customers across India. With the expert craftsmanship of jewelers, we strive for the exotic experience of our customers. We work to make each customer’s visit a memorable experience by ensuring best design from their trusted jewelers across locations. We are focused to deliver convenience to our customer by empowering them to make well informed decision about their purchases through our portal and mobile applications. The current consumer’s inclination towards online shopping creates a gap in the current market with no dedicated platform for various jewelry retailers to sell their products and services online. The platform provides them an opportunity to compete with few competitors selling such products online in segmented markets.
In a nut shell JewelSpark aims to provide a true omnichannel experience to its customers embraced with the trust of local traditional jewelers.

Jain Software
Software Development 
Ecommerce Site Design & Optimization
Big Data 
Informatica
Site security and patching .
Customized Software Development (any language)
Billing System
Client Relationship Management Software
Medical Billing System
Restaurent Billing System
Enterprise Billing System
Ecommerce Site Development (Magento,Prestashop ,WooCommerce,etc)
BigData
Site Penetration Testing and Bugs patching
Website Hosting
Website Management
Enterprise Resource Planning
MLM Software
Matrimonial Software and Website
Mobile App Development (Andriod & Iphone) 
Informatica
Enterprise Emails Solutions
Payment gateways 
Domain Registration 
Domain Retrieval
Legal IT Support 
Site testing 
Site Optimization
Site Upgradation 
Wordpress/Joomla/Drupla/Magento/Laravel CMS Support
On Demand Solution .Let us know your requirements 

RKP Green Products
RKP Green Products, a private limited company incorporated in India as a 100% family owned enterprise is the flagship company of the Sudarshan Chakra Group (SCG) which has business interests in resources, infrastructure and recycling sector.For the year FY 2016/17, the product portfolio of RKP Green Products comprises of construction bricks, blocks and structures. Our products are offered as per two technical specifications – industry standard and customized made to order.The company has zero carbon footprint, and coal fly ash residue is one of the key input materials used by the company. The products have been supplied to prestigious private sector and public infrastructure projects in the region.SCG & the constituent companies are results of entrepreneurial efforts of 2 college graduates, who are mentored and supported by their parents. The parents of the promoters are the principal investors in the group and also serve on the board of directors.

Holidays Caslte
We provide Domestic as well as international Holiday Packages for Students/Schools/Colleges/families/Corporates/Companies.We even provide Flights ticket to corporates.It will help the customer to enjoy their vacations with well planned holidays,It will Help the schools for Group travel packges for their Students with industrial exposure which is termed as educational tourism.

	

HAPMEY
We are a cosmetics based e-commerce. Today's Indian market is highly unorganized. The tendency of the consumers is that they want cheaper products with other benefits like free and fast delivery, etc. Our vision is to solve this challenge. We provide cheaper and most popular products. Our menu vary from premium products to mass-selling products. We have X-factors like same day delivery, innovated delivery chain and easier and satisfying return policies. We have some very innovative measures to tackle the Indian market. We at Hapmey believe in nurturing the beauty of humankind.

interviewjunction
The service of our company is to provide a videotaped HR interview that will enhance the performance and personality of the interviewee so that they could be able to perform up to their expectation level in the interview. 
Mock Interview program- 
Generic HR interview 
Image consulting interview 
Company specific interview 
And People are interviewing for the job lifetime professional take interview coaching one step further by examining your body language, verbal and nonverbal communication and wardrobe we not only hone your messaging, we show you how to appear charismatic through your body language, explain not only what to wear but why it is perfect for the specific job you are interviewing for an share power play non-verbal tips so that you are confident during the entire interview process.
5 lakh people are underemployed and are not getting the deserving salary every year.
AICTE CHAIRMAN S.S. MANTHA commenting on NASSCOMM survey on engineering graduates.

Bicab
Bicab is a bike taxi platform which will be available on your demand throughout the city with reduced cost and time of travel.You can Book a Bike at a rental terms to go here and there.It is good way of transportation.
